f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.exe
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.pdb
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI_MarkupCompile.cache
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.g.resources
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.exe
f:\m-note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.pdb
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindowView.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\RDPView.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\About.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\Appearance.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Home.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\SettingsPage.baml
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindowView.g.cs
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\RDPView.g.cs
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\About.g.cs
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
F:\M-NOTE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\SettingsPage.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.exe
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.pdb
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.exe
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.pdb
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindowView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\RDPView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\About.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\Appearance.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\SettingsPage.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindowView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\RDPView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\About.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\Settings\SettingsPage.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI.g.resources
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ZedGraphView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ZedGraphView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\DCTView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\DCTView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ZedGraphSpectrumView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ZedGraphSpectrumView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\WaveletView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\WaveletView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\SignalCompressionMUI_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ModernChartsView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\ModernChartsView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\OxyPlotView.baml
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\OxyPlotView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\OxyPlotSpectrumView.g.cs
F:\Git\SignalCompressionMUI\SignalCompressionMUI\obj\Debug\Views\OxyPlotSpectrumView.baml
